Well, we can go ahead and get started if you want.
I usually wait for a thousand to hit, but I know I'm really early in the morning for a lot of you in America.
But I've been up all night praying and I waited to do this video because the Lord said, "Brandon, I want you to not do a live stream tonight.
There are things that are about to take place that I want you to go on later.
" So I told Braden, "Let's wait.
" So we stayed up and I waited for what the Lord was saying was coming, and we saw what it was.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Accuracy is important.
Are we ready?
Yeah.
Well, good morning, family.
Thank you for joining us so early.
We have a lot to talk about—all this in the news and all that is going on that has happened.
We know that this was coming, didn't we?
Because of what the Holy Spirit had warned us about.
I don't know the whole capacity of this is, or what I mean—for all that I see on X, it's quite a bit, isn't it?
First off, I want to give all the glory to Jesus for this channel and I want to give him first place.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I just thank you, Father, for calling us and choosing us for such a time as this.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over this atmosphere and over my mind.
And I thank you, Lord, that you speak through our vocal cords and think through our minds.
None of us and all of you in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that you speak through me uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I bind witchcraft, incantations, chants, voodoo, all of it.
Father, let none of it come nigh in Jesus' name.
And every tongue that rises against us falls to the ground in Jesus' name.
And I plead the blood of Jesus all around me, my wife, and my children.
And I thank you, Father, for your angels that they protect us in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Well, I was encouraged about all that's going on in Iran today, and that's what I was praying over for the Iranian people that are about to have a major revival.
But when the Lord showed us back—I don't know how long it's been going on now—about Venezuela and all the things the Lord has warned us about, I saw that Maduro would be removed and that they would put in a new government and that the United States would set up camp there like they did in Iraq, and that the United States government would eventually set up a base there and bring in a new puppet government like we did in Iraq, and that Maduro would be like Saddam Hussein or Gaddafi.
The Lord warned us about all this.
Now, I saw Maduro setting all the oil fields on fire in Venezuela.
Now, I know that the United States government watches my channel, President Trump included, and I wondered if he took what the Lord had showed us and went after him and they captured him and his wife, from what I understand.
So, did they stop them from setting all the oil fields on fire?
Which I thought was interesting because, like I said, I give all glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
Everything that I see is by the spirit of the Lord.
It is not by Brandon Biggs.
I have this treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellency of the power will be known of him and not of me.
People automatically come out and say, "Brandon, stay humble.
" You know folks, if you know Brandon Biggs, you know it's not Brandon that says all this stuff.
It's the Holy Ghost through Brandon.
And so I know who I am.
I am just the guy that was the janitor ten years ago, cleaning toilets.
It's still a part of me.
You don't leave that.
It's still Brandon Biggs there.
All this to me changes like the tide.
When people saw that nothing happened like what they thought it was going to and people didn't die in New York and all the things, people are throwing eggs at me through email.
"What do you say now?
You missed it.
" No, I didn't miss anything.
I stand by what I said.
I told you there would be these things coming to New York and we were to pray, and that's what this channel is all about.
I don't consider myself a prophetic voice; I consider myself a watchman—somebody who stands on the wall and tells you what's coming and what we're supposed to pray for.
The Lord said to raise up a million-man and woman prayer army.
And he said when you do this, you will change things through the nations and you will see great things change through prayer.
And you are to come on this YouTube and pray.
And he said, "I put a gifting on you to pray, and that's what you'll be known for throughout the whole world—through prayer.
" And that's what I've done.
I've been obedient to what God has called me to do.
And I believe we've had great success with prayer.
And so I appreciate every single one of you that have supported me and come on here and prayed with me and take it seriously.
And we see what we pray about in the news.
All glory to Jesus.
So I saw—we saw Maduro...
is it Mamdani or Maduro or whoever went down and had his ceremony underneath New York?
Yeah, there's too many M-words.
Zohran Mamdani.
Zohran, whoever his name is—the guy that's a Muslim swore in on the Muslim Bible—their Muslim Quran, sorry, not Bible, Quran—went down in the subway system like Batman.
He looked like he was down in it like the Penguin did.
Remember whenever the second Batman movie, Batman Returns, and Penguin went down there with the penguin people?
He looked like a villain, you know, down there, and he's hanging out down there swearing in on the Quran and doesn't want to be out in the public because he's a devil.
You know, I have to just say the man's a devil.
And so, he's down there swearing on a Quran, doing all this demonic stuff he does.
Guess what, folks?
You voted for him.
I pray for New York.
I pray for what's coming next.
You know, here he is.
This guy—I told you the devil was grooming somebody new.
Here he is.
He's coming out.
Hello, the new Obama.
Everybody loves him.
He's great.
As he's a communist.
So we'll see what happens next in New York.
I told you a storm was coming.
I'm not a sugarcoated person to tell you everything's going to be sugar canes and gumdrops and cupcakes like some of these prophetic voices you're hearing that come in their skinny jeans and fog machines and tell you all the things.
I hear after they give you your 2026 word and tell you all that they say is coming, and you hear it and you go, "What did they really say?
" That's what I want to ask you.
What are these false prophets saying to you?
They're giving you these sugar-coated words.
What did they really say after you heard it?
Do you remember any of it?
That's why—because it's not the spirit of God speaking.
Because when the Lord talks, there's no confusion.
It parts the sea, folks.
When God speaks to you and he warns you of that which is to come, there's no question of what he's saying.
But there's a lot of words being said where you go, "What?
Really?
2026 is what?
" Because you know it isn't the spirit of God.
It's just fluff coming out of him.
A lot of sugarcoated words.
I listen to it.
The Lord said, "I want you to be still, son.
You're going to speak for me in the days ahead.
Be still.
Don't go on YouTube in the next three days.
Be still, and when I tell you when to say something because something big is about to happen to validate what I've told you is coming.
" You don't need people to give you a pat on the back.
You don't need a huge platform behind a stage.
Just say the things I tell you to say and it'll prove to be accurate.
I said, "Okay.
" When everybody comes out and throws eggs at you a lot, I just keep standing.
And he said, "And when the devil showed up in my house today—last night, was it last night?
" Yeah.
Couldn't come in.
I had to go out.
He was outside.
He was mad.
I didn't understand what was going on.
I went outside to my garage.
I opened the garage door and there he was.
And he said all kinds of stuff.
And Dolores said, "Don't entertain him.
Bind him and tell him to get out of here.
" But he had a lot to say about our channel.
He did not like what we've been doing too much.
He's threatened by it.
But I audibly heard him.
I said, "Last time you visited, you were really ticked off, too.
" You know, when you're being effective, people say he's not omnipresent.
But you know what is interesting to me is whenever you poke him in the eye, he doesn't like it too much.
And when you're praying and being effective in your prayers and the Bible, the Lord told me, he said, "A fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much, Brandon, the fervent effectual prayer of the righteous.
" Do you understand?
When you are righteous and you're coming up beside the Lord and you're taking communion and you keep humble before him, he will exalt you in due time.
Who cares what all these other people say?
Jesus is Lord.
Jesus is King and he's King in my house.
And when the devil—I wonder how many of the other false prophets, I wonder if the devil visited them.
He's ticked off when you're smearing mud in his face and you go up there and you're telling people about Jesus Christ and he's coming.
That's the whole bottom line, ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus is coming and that's what is coming with this Venezuela.
He's removing dictators and drug lords because a revival is about to break forth in Venezuela.
And I told you witchcraft was big in Venezuela.
And I saw darkness over the land and it was parted when all this stuff started to take place.
And I saw a great revival ready to break forth in Venezuela and it spreads all throughout Brazil and all throughout South America.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to pour out my spirit upon all those people, Brandon, and can these bones live?
" How many times have we seen that?
And then he said, "I'm going to move mightily in Iran, and you're going to see a parting in Iran and all that I've told you about Iran.
" And I put the video out of the short of what the Lord showed us about Iran.
And then he said, "I'm going to do it in North Korea.
I'm going to move in North Korea and I'm going to shake North Korea.
I'm going to get rid of it.
" And I saw Kim Jong-un going.
All of a sudden, he'll go home.
And then I saw—and he's going to hell.
And then I saw his sister, too.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to remove two dictators, Brandon.
I'm going to liberate the people of North Korea in the days ahead.
" And a great revival.
And I saw the army of North Korea trying to suppress it and China coming in.
And he said, "I'm giving them a window of opportunity.
" And I saw people being teleported on a superhighway above the atmosphere.
Looked like spaghetti noodles.
The Lord said, "I'm going to put you in there and I'm going to bring liberation in North Korea, Brandon.
I'm going to do it in Venezuela.
I'm going to do it in places that have been suppressed by the government, suppressed by the people that have not had freedom of religion and been able to have a revival and I'm going to bring great revival.
" So, we're seeing the first of what he said was coming.
So, all this to say, I appreciate all your prayer support.
The last 48 hours have been really interesting for us, especially spiritually.
And I don't talk about the devil.
I'm going to tell you this: we don't give him any glory.
He's a loser.
And people say, "Well, Brandon, why did you say?
" Because our Jesus made a display of him openly, triumphing over him in it.
He made a display of him.
He kicked him right in the teeth.
And Jesus Christ is Lord and he is King of Kings and he is coming back soon.
And it's time for the church to wake up.
And the last word I gave was a strong word, what the Lord gave me to give you all.
And it shook me.
It shook me.
There's a lot there I did not give publicly.
You say, "Why?
" Because it wasn't for you.
The Lord said, "Don't give it yet.
" He said, "They're not ready for it.
" Remember Jesus said in his word whenever he told the disciples, he said there's much he can't tell them yet.
There are words that he can't tell them yet because they aren't ready to receive it.
Daniel couldn't; he had to hide it and put it away because they weren't ready to have it yet.
It's the same thing the Lord does with me.
"Now, they're not ready yet.
Be quiet.
I'll tell you when to say it.
" So, I'm just being obedient to what he's asked me to do.
So, we pray over these things and we'll see some of these clips.
Braden, do you want to show some of them?
Yeah.
This is interesting.
You know, when a B-2 stealth bomber comes in, it's pretty intimidating.
Our helicopters are—it's pretty interesting.
I look at how we move as a nation, as our military is pretty intimidating.
It's very intimidating.
It looks like something out of a Hollywood movie.
Whenever you see us doing stuff, you know, it's like, "Wow, this is real.
" Do you have some of the clips?
Sorry.
It's them launching it and then they got it.
There they are.
Look at that.
What kind of stealth planes are those?
I don't know what they're saying.
So, if they're saying foul language, forgive us.
We don't speak Spanish or Portuguese or whatever they're speaking.
So, I don't know if they're saying bad words.
Like I said, be careful, son.
Yeah.
It's kind of a guy's house or something.
I think it's all interesting.
I haven't seen any of this.
Wow.
Did they cut out the power or anything?
Is it like a city?
Yeah.
Wow.
It's pretty amazing.
Nobody really saw that coming in the media or anything, did they?
It's like a surprise.
Happened at night when everybody was asleep.
Yeah.
Pretty wild.
So then we see the things that are happening in Iran and that is okay.
So I'm going to go over that.
I'm trying not to be too scattered, but I'm tired.
I haven't slept today.
I saw the Prince of Persia, the demonic spirit.
Remember, I saw the angel and I told you all the angel had a hold of Iraq and the Lord said, "I'm bringing liberation to Iraq and the Iraqi dinar would go up in value in the days ahead.
" Remember that?
I warned you and we keep praying over the dinar, and I saw the number 25 and I saw that Prince of Persia grabbing a hold of Babylon.
It had a hold of it and it was a stronghold holding onto Iraq, and Iraq will rise up out of the ashes.
I told you I saw palm trees coming up and I saw buildings coming up and I saw all these major things and the Iraqi people being liberated and their new currency coming up.
And I saw a new currency coming and I saw prosperity coming, it seemed like out of nowhere, but it would bring liberation and freedom to the American people and the Christians who had invested.
I'm not giving financial advice; I'm just telling you what I saw and what I believe the Lord has shown me in a vision.
So don't say, "Well, Brandon, you told me...
" I didn't tell you to invest in nothing.
I'm telling you what the Lord showed me.
So I saw what I believe the Lord showed me.
I saw that angel grabbing a hold of that—it was not an angel.
It was a demon.
It was a Prince of Persia grabbing a hold of Iraq.
I saw such a stronghold, but I saw it being liberated.
Then I saw a breaking in this, and I saw his hands being loosed off of this.
I believe it could come out of this with a regime change and all of these things.
I saw three people over the Central Bank of Iraq and all these major things taking place in Iraq because Iran had such a stronghold on Iraq.
But maybe in this—and what I'm saying, I'm not trying to add to or take away from anything—this is just me Brandon praying into this of what the Lord has shown us over the course of time: that there was going to be a major uprising in Iraq and in its banking system with Iran.
So all that's happening with Iran and the people and all this liberating, them taking over these cities.
So this is all the people protesting and an uprising in Iran, and they're wanting to overthrow the regime, right?
This is all happening at the same time.
I told you 2026, whenever the Lord has been having me pray, it's going to be a year like you've never seen before.
In three years—remember what He said?
—2026, 2027, and 2028 will be an acceleration of things that will keep accelerating to the next Shemitah cycle.
That is a great opportunity for the Lord Jesus Christ to come in the Rapture.
That's what I'm looking at: 2028, the Shemitah cycle that will end on Rosh Hashanah during that timeframe of the Feast of Trumpets.
Watch that timeframe: 2028.
It will be the time when I believe the plague and the things will be taking place with this death, this black thing in sackcloth moving across when I saw it three or four days ago.
I saw the plague coming and I warned you all of a major plague that's coming that will be AI-generated, that they will release on the nations in the end of fall of 2027 going into 2028.
I saw a six-month window of over 300 million people passing away, and it will be a massive plague that will hit the nations.
This is what we need to pray over next.
This is a major thing that I'm telling you; I've seen it so many times by the Spirit of God that it will cause great havoc and it will be COVID on steroids.
If you thought COVID was bad, it was nothing; this would be a cakewalk compared to what I saw coming in the days ahead.
The Lord said a great acceleration of wars and rumors of wars.
I saw a major taking over of Taiwan in the days ahead.
I saw Taiwan when America is afflicted with a wound; they were circling Taiwan and they took Taiwan in three days.
China...
America was not able to help because it was too busy with a wound inside.
It was some kind of cyber event, some kind of major event takes place in America.
Then at the same time, that's when I keep telling you all I keep seeing a 'Red Dawn' D-Day experience in our own country.
And the Lord keeps warning me about this over and over again.
He said, 'Because of the Biden administration, they have infiltrated your borders and they are in your country as we speak.
' When I saw—the Lord said, 'You're too focused on the crown jewel, but they will try to roll out in the days ahead through this 250th anniversary to infiltrate your country to bring great havoc and turmoil.
' And you will be so grateful that President Trump is behind the steering wheel in the days ahead.
I saw President Trump behind a major Mayflower ship and he was sailing across the sea, focused with all the storm and all the turmoil going on around him.
He had his eyes fixed; he was steering the ship.
Does anybody remember that?
I bring all these things out because the Lord shows us a lot.
I saw major things take place in our nation one after another.
And the Lord told us that what happened in Europe—and I saw that Emmanuel Macron was an Ishmael to the Isaac of what will come.
He is not the Antichrist, but he will look like it in the days ahead.
This is President Trump—show him that picture.
Remember this?
Braden made it with AI.
But this is what I saw in the spirit, but he didn't have crossbones on his hat.
There you go, that's what I saw.
President Trump was sailing the boat and there was a storm all around him.
And the Lord said, 'You'll be so thankful that man is president in the days ahead.
' I've seen this so many times: President Trump fixed on the task at hand.
The Lord said, 'Pray for his security, his safety.
' So we see this man, Maduro.
Maduro was out today and the Lord said a new government was coming.
So it's happening just like the Lord said.
So what would happen next?
I saw in the days ahead Zelensky.
Remember I said that they will take him out, and I saw it would be like Jason Bourne.
I saw he was snorting coke and having prostitutes and doing all these things, and I saw him trying to flee with a hundred million dollars in a plane in cash.
He had stored back a hundred million dollars and he had stolen all our taxpayer money.
I saw 24 billion dollars that was corrupted money through politicians through corrupt politician accounts that they were funneling money.
Now, isn't it amazing that I told you I saw bees coming out of the ground in Minnesota and all the things the Lord showed us about Minnesota and the corruption and the finances?
I saw a red wave trying to come to Minnesota and He said, 'You have a crack; what will you do with it to take Minnesota for me?
' And then Mike Lindell says, 'Hey, I'm running for governor.
' Governor Mike Lindell—we need to pray for him.
But I saw a cork in his finances.
And the Lord said his finances have been attacked severely and he needs help.
I saw a big drain and his finances were draining out before him.
The Lord said, 'Pray for him to win; he'll be good for that state.
' But I saw the lady that looked African-American with a turban on her head; she was removed in the days ahead.
I saw something happen with her political career and it's over very abruptly.
I saw new people coming in.
But then the same things will happen in California.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for a great revival that will break forth in California.
' Same thing with Portland, Oregon: shaking to awaken in Portland, Oregon.
And I saw a major shaking of an earthquake taking place in Portland, Oregon, so much so that I saw the buildings in British Columbia completely crumbling to the ground.
And I saw 35,000 people pass away in British Columbia within just a couple of hours.
A wave of water comes in from the ocean.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention.
' This is what He's been talking to me about the last 24 hours.
He said, 'Remember I told you to watch the ocean, son?
Remember I told you the active volcanoes would start to pop up in the middle of the ocean?
' And He said, 'Pray about the fish because there's going to be a sign.
' A lot of dead fish will start to rise up on the water on the beaches in the days ahead as a sign of what's about to happen.
Volcanic activity will come out in the middle of the water.
Volcanoes in the middle of the ocean will start to become active.
And he said, "Watch these things for they will be a sign.
" I saw major earthquakes taking place in the Pacific Ocean.
And so, he warned us about China doing things with the Panama Canal in the days ahead.
I saw all the different things about something happening in Costa Rica.
It was when they had the water and the snake come up and poison the water.
There was something that was type and shadow.
There was something that happened with some kind of warfare, some kind of territorial warfare.
And I saw Guatemala and the Lord said, "Pray for Guatemala because I saw some kind of something bad happening in Guatemala and the people were getting poisoned.
" But I saw David Hogan and the revival praying with Heidi Baker and some of these others praying for these people.
So we've seen quite a bit.
The Lord's been good to us on this channel showing us that which is to come.
Next thing I believe will be another attack that will be worse than October 7th on Israel.
If you remember, I saw Benjamin being taken out and the Lord said, "Pray because I saw Bennett coming back.
" Now, what does that mean?
Does it mean that he will be removed by vote because the election is this year or does it mean because I heard the word Mossad?
Now I'm not a conspiracy theorist.
I tell you what I see by the spirit of God when I pray, but I saw Mossad removing this man.
I don't know what that means but I don't try to add to or take away from because I'm on a live YouTube channel, but I know what it means.
I'm not going to sit there and tell you I don't.
I know what it means.
I know what I saw.
But I have to be careful because they've tried to pull my feed three times already these last couple of days.
Whenever I did it, Brandon said, "I've got to learn how to say things without saying them because I'm on their platform.
" And the bigger the Lord makes this, the more I'm watched.
And so, it's all a learning curve.
I'm trying.
We're growing on X over there all to the glory of God.
And we're believing that it'll be a second platform so that if something were to happen, you could find me still.
Because I'm not going to hold back anything.
I'm going to be bold as a lion.
I'm going to be bold and I'm going to stand on the wall and I'm going to warn you exactly what's coming of what I believe the Lord is showing me.
And you always have the peanut gallery.
You always have the ones—and it's like the Lord showed me it was like a football game and you have the people that leave everything out on the field, but you always have the peanut gallery in the stands yelling at the players.
And there's a lot of you Christians out there that don't have any relationship with God, but you have the loudest voice out there screaming and heckling.
But you know what?
Your day's coming.
I have to say that to you.
Shaking's coming to your house, hecklers.
And then people say, "Well, we're out here just picking and helping out with trying to expose falseness.
" No, you're not.
You're a troll.
You're the ones out there that are just the Pharisees of the land.
And God's going to deal with you.
To the ones that are trying to help and pray and lead people to Jesus, you're the ones in the peanut gallery that he's going to deal with.
I told you 1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming.
Just remember that.
I pray for you and I pray for mercy for a lot of you hecklers.
And I say, "Okay, just remember what the Lord says.
1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming knocking on your door.
" So Brandon needs more rest.
We laugh at it, but it's not funny because it really is coming to your house.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
Remember that.
I told you.
So, what I saw last night, I was sitting on the couch and the Lord said there'll be a lot of—as I was praying, I sat there last night and I was interceding.
He gave me because I've been praying this over me and I thought it was beautiful about Psalm 17:8.
"Keep me as the apple of thy eye.
Hide me under the shadow of thy wings.
" And that's where I have been concerning 2026, that we keep in the apple of his eye.
Hide me in the shadow of thy wings, Father, because that's what really matters.
All the other stuff doesn't matter.
Keep me as the apple of your eye, Lord.
And I saw a lot of mega ministers, and I'm not going to say who I saw, but I saw them automatically retire.
There's going to be retirements in the days ahead.
A lot of retirements all of a sudden saying, "I'm withdrawing from my ministry and I'm putting somebody else in it.
" You'll see withdrawals and you'll see departing.
And the Lord showed me specific ones that will start to really pan out in the days ahead.
And they have huge platforms.
And I saw new Davids rising up again.
And the Lord warned me and he said there'll be great ministries that they'll have resignation transitions, but it's not—they're resigning.
And they're saying, "Hey, I'm retiring abruptly.
" And so I thought that was kind of interesting as I was praying into that.
And you'll see that in the news.
You'll see that on Facebook and all kinds of places and you'll go, "Wow.
" And there'll be a new person come up and take their baton and start running with the ministries in these areas.
Some of them not so old, some of them old.
Some of them you'll go, "No way.
" But it's all part of the process of the cleansing of the house.
He said, "Judgment begins in my house first.
" And that's what you're going to see a lot of: a cleansing of the house.
So to all 3,000 of you, I know this is kind of different.
I usually do not do this video until I've had rest at this time of day.
So it's in the morning.
Isn't that amazing?
All right.
Well, is that good?
Did I cover everything pretty good?
There was a revival breaking out in Brazil and I thought that was really cool because what the Lord showed us—remember what the Lord showed us, Brazil and a major revival breaking out in Brazil when we prayed.
Look at this right here.
I thought this was awesome.
CBN played it.
We watched it.
It's 14,000.
Yeah, see, it's probably too much.
We probably shouldn't play their stuff.
I don't know who this company is.
Yeah, but they just showed this guy.
And so, they were just talking about—this is the jungle.
Remember I told you I saw the jungle?
I saw them having a major revival.
14,500 people baptized.
That's amazing.
Wow.
It's beautiful.
I love it.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Thank you, Father.
That's beautiful.
It's really cool.
I love it.
So many families getting touched by the power of God.
And from what I have seen in the days ahead, the most glorious outpouring of the spirit of God beyond anybody's comprehension.
I'm telling you what we're about to experience in Venezuela and Iran.
People say it's not time yet.
Yes, it's time.
You don't understand how close Jesus Christ is to coming.
Do you see it now?
When you see the signs of the times, are you able to see it a little bit more?
I try to show you the urgency.
Whenever he tells me there's no urgency in the church—there's not enough urgency and intense anticipation of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ—it's happening just like he said we would see.
Look at this.
This is an elderly woman, probably in her 80s, walking with a walker down the street, excited to have a liberated Iran.
They've been underneath so much oppression.
They're burning the flag, and that is a death penalty offense.
That tells you how free they feel—that they're so suppressed and so angry inside for how their regime has treated them and how they treat women like dogs.
But yet, God is going to bring revival to those people.
You're going to see people saved and you're going to see people delivered.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, it's just now starting.
He said, "Days of great fun have just begun.
" I'm excited about this, but it's going to start and we're going to see shaking in America because he said great pride has set in.
He said, "I'm going to humble them.
I'm going to humble the people.
" And Brandon, there's going to be a great revival that brings forth into America.
It's going to be amazing: days of great fun and financial blessing.
When I told you to watch Trump's sons, Don Jr.
and Eric, in the days ahead for a great wealth transfer, watch these two men, for I will double Trump's wealth by three.
Then Braden brings this to me and said, "Daddy, did you see this about Trump's sons and this WLFI on crypto and all this?
" I said, "No, of course not.
" But Braden keeps me up to date.
This kind of stuff is amazing.
Maybe it's something to follow because the Lord said, "Watch them.
Watch what I do with them.
I'm going to restore what the cankerworm ate over Trump's past four years of persecution, and I'm going to bring forth great wealth to this family.
" They're already rich, but he's going to restore back what the cankerworm ate.
I'm expecting this year with all of it.
Remember, it doesn't matter.
He said you can focus on a coin.
The dark is going to get darker and the light is going to get lighter.
Which side do you want to focus on for what's coming?
Braden has a quarter.
It's that thin.
Do you understand how thin that is?
You can really peek on both sides, but what side do you choose to focus on?
The dark's going to get darker—signs of the times.
There will be a shaking in five areas: politics, finances, the crust of the earth (earthquakes), the heavens, and the church.
Five major shakings.
That's a major side of the coin.
But do you see how thin that coin is?
The Lord showed me.
He said, "Brandon, it's as thin as that.
The glory will be on one side and the greatest outpouring of what you've always dreamed of.
" I saw Brother Hagin.
I saw Kathryn Kuhlman.
I saw a lot of the greats peeking over, looking into a portal.
They were getting ready for the great show, the greatest outpouring this world has ever seen, and they were all anticipating.
I said, "Well, that must mean it's really about to happen.
" There's no time in heaven.
What they're looking for, they know is about to happen.
They're being summoned: "Hey, guess what you've been waiting for.
" The great cloud of witnesses, they're waiting.
They're anticipating what they wanted to see during their time on the earth and didn't get to.
The Lord took them home first.
But he's going to use you and me.
We've been called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
You can focus on which side you want to focus on.
There will be fearful sights that you see that will bring you to your knees.
Or you can focus on this side of the quarter: all the glory that you're about to see.
The greatest move of God this world has ever seen is going to be on this side.
Scary sights will be on the other side: shakings, awakenings, all these things.
The governments—I'm telling you, I bet those people in Venezuela today were freaking out as those helicopters and planes were flying in and dropping bombs.
I can't imagine being outside looking at that and going, "Oh, no.
I hope no one hurts my house.
" That's when you need to know your believer's authority, get your covenant rights, and understand who you are.
Take your authority and pray in the days ahead.
That's why we're on this channel.
40 minutes—not too bad.
So, learning your authority, praying, pleading the blood, reading about the precious blood of Jesus, and the main thing the Lord told us two days ago.
He said, "I want you to bring out John Bevere's book, The Awe of God.
I want you to read that again.
Read the first three chapters like a fine-tooth comb.
" Why?
I don't know.
That's our mission.
Diana is trying to work on things right now to get caught up, and then we're going to really start to read those books and do things that God's called us to do.
People have invited me to come speak at their churches for the first of the year.
I'm praying about it still.
I'm not real quick to jump on anything.
I go slow.
I've stayed on YouTube and talked.
I really don't even know if I came to your church what I would say unless the Holy Spirit told me what to say beforehand.
I've just been on here telling you what I believe the Lord has told me is coming.
I'm honored all the time that people would invite me to come and speak at their church.
It's on the East Coast, almost 7 in the morning.
To all of you waking up and praying with us early in the morning on the East Coast—how many are there?
3,500 people.
Pretty cool.
I guess we're talking to Europe right now, right?
There's a lot of people from Spain, England, and Australia.
Somebody's watching from Australia.
So, let's see what happens to Zelensky in the next couple of days.
It's going to be interesting, isn't it?
Pray that the United States of America does not give Tomahawk missiles to Zelensky.
That's the number one thing you should pray about because I saw them poking the bear by shooting at the Kremlin, and I saw a catastrophic event taking place with a weapon of mass destruction that will be used on Poland in the days ahead.
I saw a weapon go off, and it wiped out a lot of people in Poland.
Putin does it, and it's very serious.
There's a lot to that.
So, I bring all these things to you now, and I pray that one person will grab this and another person, and many hands make light work.
Everybody's praying over a piece of the pie and you say, "I got the hammer, I got the nail, I got the screwdriver, I got the wrench," and everybody's able to build this beautiful house together and not one person saying, "I'm Bob the Builder by myself.
" I like to have many hands because there is a lot going on right now.
Did you show them the Batman cave?
I wanted to show that.
Did you show the green where it looked like?
I said it looked like the Joker.
I mean, it looked like something out of a Batman movie.
We caught a guy—the FBI came out and said they caught another person in North Carolina, and he looked like an African-American man that had hammers and knives, ready to do stuff to grocery stores.
They caught him.
So, between that and all the other things—California, Texas, North Carolina—and uniforms.
Now, I don't understand what these uniforms were all about.
But doesn't that look like the Batman movie on the screen?
'I will support the Constitution of the United States, the Constitution of the State of New York, and the Charter of the City of New York; and that I will faithfully discharge the duties of the office of the Mayor of the City of New York, according to the best of my ability, so help me God.
' Congratulations, Mr.
Mayor.
Happy New Year to New Yorkers, both inside this tunnel and above.
And what a blessing to see everyone tomorrow as we begin our term.
This is truly an honor.
Did you show him the police uniforms?
Yeah.
Now, I don't know if this was terrorist-related or just people quitting after he got sworn in.
I don't want to assume, but I thought it was interesting.
They had all kinds of police uniforms that were found in a huge box.
Maybe this was one person that quit, or multiple, or it was something more wicked, like how they would try to pretend they're cops and dress up if it was terrorists or something that left their uniforms out there.
I don't know; maybe somebody might say, 'Hey Brandon, we found out what it is now.
' Braden found it and he said, 'Daddy, that looks kind of weird that all these NYPD uniforms were found in a box.
' So, we pray that it was just somebody that quit when he got sworn in, but they found all these uniforms.
That's a lot of police uniforms on the side of the road.
They're all in a cardboard box, and there's a lot of them.
So, either that was terrorists trying to get ready to dress up and do something, or that's just somebody making a statement saying 'I quit.
' Who knows?
Pretty interesting, though.
Then the other part was the guy up in Minnesota.
There was more about that girl saying she wanted Elon Musk to be taken out and was threatening him, and that was pretty bad.
Anything that I'm telling you is never a threat—I want to make that very clear.
Anything that I see is never a threat.
I'm trying to tell you we should pray.
We don't want any harm to happen to anybody.
We are to cover Democrats, Republicans, conservatives, all kinds of people.
We're Christians here, and that's what we believe in God for: protection over everybody regardless of what you believe or what lifestyle you have.
I pray for you if you're evil or good.
We pray for you to change and get born again.
Most people think when I talk about Benjamin and all the things the Lord showed me, people get excited.
No, we don't want anyone to be harmed.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
There are so many people that are sick in their minds.
Our job is to pray for peace.
When this girl said she wanted Elon Musk to be taken out, that's craziness.
What's wrong with people?
She has a huge following, from what I understand.
Then Elon Musk said it is war because of what she said threatening him.
Why isn't she in jail for threatening him like that?
It's pretty nuts.
So, that's really what I had for y'all today.
I think that's good enough.
Sorry if it's a little raw.
I haven't had any rest today and I'm going to pray with you a little bit here and we're going to call it.
I'm going to come back refreshed and then you'll say, 'Brandon, that's better,' because Brandon had something to eat and had some rest.
I was praying over this all night and stayed up with him, and I told him, 'Let's go live,' because people want to know what the Lord's showing me.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you as they start their day.
It's Saturday, and we're so grateful for the weekend.
Thank you for your protection over us as we have football games in the United States of America.
Father, I thank you for a supernatural hedge of protection that whatever takes place in America through this Red Dawn experience, we call an uncovering.
We ask that there's protection over every person represented here today and in Europe.
As we get ready for the Olympics, we call an uncovering over the Olympics in Jesus' name—of every plot, plan, terrorist attack, and demonic attack.
Father, we thank you that there's a supernatural uncovering and that we will see revival again in the name of Jesus.
We call forth revival from the north, south, east, and west, over every continent and every nation.
We say in the name of Jesus, we're about to have the greatest move of God this world has ever seen.
We thank you that you're stirring up the new Davids, the new Esthers, the new spiritual leaders.
We thank you that we'll have the greatest, freshest move of God we've ever seen before—bigger than Azusa Street, bigger than any kind of John Wesley revival.
We thank you that you've called us and chosen us for such a time as this.
We believe for the freshest touch of the Holy Ghost today—a fresh drink, fresh wine, and a new wineskin.
Thank you that you've called us to be salty in this time.
When people look, they'll ask, 'What is different about us?
' It's Jesus.
I thank you that the healing power would flow through our hands—that when we lay hands on the sick, they'll recover.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name because we know that by your stripes, we're healed.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet, we're healed, whole, and well.
We thank you for a good day ahead of us in the mighty name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood.
We thank you that we are covered by the blood and are always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've called us to do.
No weapon formed against us will prosper.
We're expecting good things in Jesus' name.
Amen.
And amen.
Thank you for revival.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for your angels that are watching over us, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
And we give you praise and glory, Father, for the blood that covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We call our marriages restored and blessed.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that their children are rising up and call their family blessed.
Father, that they're healed and whole and well.
No weapon formed against them would prosper.
Father, as they get ready to start back to school, Father, that they'll be kids that are on fire for Jesus.
Father, going back from Christmas break, I thank you, Lord, that revival is happening in our public schools, in our private schools, and Father, in our college campuses.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are in that place of readiness, looking up, for we know our redemption draws nigh in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, I pray over every church service that takes place over this weekend.
And we pray for supernatural protection over every megachurch, over every little church.
And we thank you, Lord, that your angels are camping around and about every place of worship, over every airplane: the jets, American Air, United, Delta.
Isn't that amazing?
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I lean into you in the midst.
Father, I thank you, Father.
We confidently trust in you, Lord.
I see every little thing the Lord is telling me we have to pray over in the next couple weeks.
There's a lot of work here.
Praise God.
I don't know where to even go with that.
All I know is that we have a lot of work to do.
And I'm thankful for every single one of you here.
So, I'm going to get some rest and I'll be back here in a little bit.
I'm going to put it on a shelf.
I can't push through this right now, but I'll be back here in a little bit and we'll do it.
And we're going to pray and take care of this.
I see the Super Bowl highlighted, the Olympics, churches, major megachurches.
You need to pray over Joel Osteen's church and some of these other megachurches, praying protection over them.
Praying protection over our churches.
And it's not just about charismatic churches; I see Catholic churches involved in this, praying over Catholic churches, praying over our Baptist churches, major gatherings of people praying over our churches.
So, that's what we continue to pray for, but I'm going to go.
I wanted to touch base with you all and tell you I'm okay.
I needed a little break.
I pushed really hard in December.
And whenever you push as thin as what I did, I told Diana, I said, 'I have to get my bearings and pray and seek Him and listen to Him for us and what the Lord has for us for 2026, and listening even more carefully because I don't want to walk on thin ice, you know?
' You want to be right with Him walking.
And it's very—this is an awesome job, but when you have so many people watching you, you have to really take the time to separate yourself.
And I understand why Jesus went to the mountains and took time to seek the Father by himself and separate himself from the disciples and said, 'Listen, I'm going to go up and I'm going to sit and I'm going to listen and talk to my Father.
' And it made sense.
Now I get it more.
I go, 'You know what?
I understand.
' So it's what we've been doing.
Just being quiet.
We're fine.
And I'm so thankful.
You know, there's a lot of people that are really concerned.
'Brandon, it's been two days.
' Yeah, it's been three days now.
I'm here.
But it's like listening and just being really attentive and listening, praying.
And that's what we've been doing.
And whenever I had that demonic experience yesterday, I thought, 'Boy, you know, when I poke the devil in the eye, it's nice.
' I go, 'Hey, we're being effective.
You know what?
When you're winning, glory to God.
' And so, that's where we are.
And we'll continue and we'll be back here.
I'll have a video for you tonight.
We're going to pray more.
I'll pray for two hours or whatever the Lord leads us to do.
And so, we're so thankful for every single one of you.
I know we're talking to a whole different group of people in Europe right now.
And so, welcome.
We're excited.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, and we're so excited that you're here.
We love you.
And thank you for your support.
Thank you for being here and praying with us.
And we'll be back again.
I'll try to get up earlier and do more prayer videos.
I like doing the night videos because it's whenever it's more active for us.
I see a lot more, and so it's interesting.
So, we love you.
We'll see you in just a couple, I guess.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you.
We love you.
God bless you.
Bye-bye.